EE guides: add run_community_ee_image.rst (#222)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/getting_started_ee/run_community_ee_image.rst

.. _running_community_ee_image:

> Running a playbook using the community EE image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running a playbook with the community EE image
```

===========================================

You can run ansible without the need to build a custom EE. 

> Use the ``community-ee`` image that includes ``ansible-core`` and a set of Ansible community collections.

Reviewer 2: Looking at https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/pull/278/files, I don't see any community collections. It's just `ansible.*` ones.

> There is the ``community-ee`` image built with ``ansible-core`` and a set of popular collections
> which you can use to run your playbooks without building your custom EE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run playbooks without the need to build a custom EE. 
Use the ``community-ee`` image that includes ``ansible-core`` and a set of Ansible community collections.
```

> Run the following command to see the included collections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to see the collections available in the ``community-ee`` image:
```

.. code-block:: bash

  ansible-navigator collections --execution-environment-image ghcr.io/ansible/community-ee:latest

> To try out the EE, run the following ad hoc command against localhost inside the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following Ansible ad-hoc command against localhost inside the ``community-ee`` container:
```

.. code-block:: bash

>   ansible-navigator exec "ansible localhost -m setup" --execution-environment-image ghcr.io/ansible/community-ee:latest --mode stdout

Reviewer 3: The section says "Running a playbook", but now you removed the playbook :-)

Author: hehe, well spotted! Replaced `playbook` with more abstract `ansible`, PTAL. thanks!

Reviewer 3: I would also show how to use the EE with a playbook and an inventory file (probably in a new section). Running direct commands on localhost is nice, but not something that generalizes well... if someone simpy replaces `ansible localhost -m setup` with `ansible-playbook -i inventory playbook.yml`, or even start to build a Docker image upon the community-ee image with their playbook and inventory in it, they won't use the EE as intended.

Having a direct command as the first step to use an EE is fine, but how to properly use it should be shown right after that (and not only after clicking a link or having to search for more information on it).

Author: Ah, great feedback, makes a lot of sense. thanks!
- Added an example (not to overwhelm the doc, it's only about localhost but i put a ref to the example from another page if users need it right now)
- Also added the community-ee as a base image to the building guide as by default it would use navigator's default image already containing a lot of other stuff and not aiming to be a base image i think

PTAL

===========================================

You can run ansible without the need to build a custom EE. 
Use the ``community-ee`` image that includes ``ansible-core`` and a set of Ansible community collections.

Run the following command to see the collections available in the ``community-ee`` image:

.. code-block:: bash

  ansible-navigator collections --execution-environment-image ghcr.io/ansible/community-ee:latest

Run the following Ansible ad-hoc command against localhost inside the ``community-ee`` container:

.. code-block:: bash

  ansible-navigator exec "ansible localhost -m setup" --execution-environment-image ghcr.io/ansible/community-ee:latest --mode stdout

Now, create a simple test playbook and run it against localhost inside the container:

.. code-block:: yaml

  cat > test_localhost.yml<<EOF
  - name: Gather and print local facts
    hosts: localhost
    become: yes
    gather_facts: yes
    tasks:

    - name: Print facts
      ansible.builtin.debug:
        var: ansible_facts
  EOF

.. code-block:: bash

  ansible-navigator run test_localhost.yml --execution-environment-image ghcr.io/ansible/community-ee:latest --mode stdout

> See the :ref:`Running your EE guide<running_execution_environments_remote_target>` for an example how to run your playbook against a remote target.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
See the :ref:`Running your EE guide<running_execution_environments_remote_target>` for an example of how to run your playbook against a remote target.
```

> What to read next

Reviewer 4: Please change this to a seealso as that is the common format used on most other pages.  See [here](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation/blob/devel/docs/docsite/rst/getting_started/get_started_inventory.rst?plain=1#L103) for an example of how this is done.

Author: agreed that it's better, done, thanks

-----------------

> * :ref:`Building your first EE guide<building_execution_environments>`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* :ref:`Building your first execution environment <building_execution_environments>`
```

> * `Ansible Navigator official documentation <https://ansible-navigator.readthedocs.io/>`_

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* `Ansible Navigator documentation <https://ansible-navigator.readthedocs.io/>`_
```
